# Welcome
Welcome to Hack a Bit 0x01, round one! This round of competition is designed to assess your current knowledge of a variety of computer science and cyber security topics. The exam is 30 multiple-choice questions and you will have 60 minutes to answer all these questions. You are strongly encouraged to use Google to find answers, which is why you have two minutes per question. While this is an assessment of current knowledge, its also an assessment of your ability to find information online--this is something hackers and security pros are very good at!

These points will have a small effect on your qualification to the finals event in May, but your round two scores will have a much more significant effect, so don't worry if this feels difficult. This probably will feel difficult!! It's designed to. The point of this round is to test your current knowledge and competition staff expect most people to score 20-50% correct responses--that is intentional, please do not get discouraged.

Recommendations for round one:
- Ensure you have a strong internet connection for looking up information
- Take your time, you have 60 minutes, bookmark questions if you need to
- If there are multiple right answers, choose the best one
- Don't ask questions in forms, you don't have time and you'll leak answers to your competition!
- Keep calm and stay focused, if you don't know the answer don't sweat it

After you finish you'll have the opportunity to save your responses. We recommend doing this. After the competition ends in the spring, you will be able to see all the correct answers and figure out where you went wrong. The codes on the questions will allow you to match your responses up. The code format is as follows: (Competition)-(Category Letter)-(Code)

Category Codes
- C - Cryptography
- I - Infrastructure
- N - Networking
- P - Programming
- W - Web
- M - Miscellaneous

Good luck!