# Captain - 75pts
### 01-I-6Q84A
*Author: Nate Singer (Helix)*

Cloud computing is a way to use the internet to access and store data and software remotely. Instead of keeping files and programs on your own computer, you can access them through the internet on remote servers. This means you can access your files and programs from any device with an internet connection. It's like renting a space in a big computer building instead of having your own computer. It can also allow for cloud-based software that multiple users can access and collaborate on simultaneously. Cloud computing makes it easy to access and store data and software remotely.

## Teaching Points
1. What is docker and what are containers?
2. What are environment variables?
3. How do you run a docker container with environment context?

## Challenge Prompt
Cloud infrastructure is migrating to containerized technology in many places, lets get started with containers. Run this docker container with the environment variable ```FLAG_ENABLER``` set to ```give_me_the_flag```.

https://hub.docker.com/r/nathanielsinger/hackabit0x01-infrastructure-container1

## Solution Guide
1. Pull the image from the challenge
2. Use the `-e` flag with docker run to run the container in the required context

## Reference Material
### What is docker and what are containers?
Docker is a platform that allows developers to build, package, and deploy applications as lightweight, self-contained units called containers. Containers provide an isolated environment for running applications and their dependencies, allowing for easier deployment and portability across different computing environments.

A container is a standalone executable package that contains everything needed to run an application, including code, runtime, system tools, libraries, and settings. Each container is isolated from other containers and from the host system, with its own file system, network interface, and process space.

Containers are designed to be lightweight, fast, and portable, making it easy to move applications between development, testing, and production environments, or between different cloud providers or hosting services. Docker provides tools and APIs for building, running, and managing containers, as well as a large ecosystem of pre-built images and services that can be used to quickly deploy and scale applications.

### What are environment variables?
Environment variables are a type of variable that are part of the environment in which a process runs. They are key-value pairs that can be set and accessed by a process or program, and are used to configure the behavior of software and system components.

Environment variables are often used to store configuration settings, such as database connection strings, API keys, or application settings, that are used by multiple processes or programs. They can also be used to specify system-wide settings, such as the default editor or language settings.

In most operating systems, environment variables are set and managed by the operating system or shell environment, and can be accessed by any process running in that environment. They are usually set at the system level, but can also be set at the user level or the process level.

Environment variables can be accessed and set programmatically using APIs provided by the operating system or programming language, or via command-line tools like set (Windows) or export (Unix-like systems).

### How do you run a docker container with environment context?
You can set environment variables when running Docker containers using the -e option followed by the variable name and value, like this:

```
docker run -e MY_VAR=value myimage
```

This command will start a new container from the myimage image, with the MY_VAR environment variable set to value. You can set multiple environment variables by using multiple -e options, like this:

```
docker run -e VAR1=value1 -e VAR2=value2 myimage
```

You can also set environment variables using an environment file with the --env-file option, like this:

```
docker run --env-file myenvfile myimage
This command will start a new container from the myimage image, with environment variables defined in the myenvfile file.
```

Note that environment variables set using -e or --env-file will override any environment variables defined in the Docker image or Dockerfile.
