# Seashell - 75pts
### 01-I-W4F9J
*Author: Nate Singer (Helix)*

Cloud computing is a way to use the internet to access and store data and software remotely. Instead of keeping files and programs on your own computer, you can access them through the internet on remote servers. This means you can access your files and programs from any device with an internet connection. It's like renting a space in a big computer building instead of having your own computer. It can also allow for cloud-based software that multiple users can access and collaborate on simultaneously. Cloud computing makes it easy to access and store data and software remotely.

## Teaching Points
1. What is SSH?
2. What is Telnet?

## Challenge Prompt
SSH runs the internet. Connect to ```utkwrgubhj.qualifier.hackabit.com``` on port ```22``` with user ```hackerman``` and the provided private key.

## Solution Guide
1. ssh -i id_rsa hackerman@utkwrgubhj.qualifier.hackabit.com

## Reference Material
### What is SSH?
Imagine you want to talk to your friend who is far away, and you want to keep your conversation private so that nobody else can hear what you say. One way to do this is to send secret messages that only you and your friend can understand.

SSH is like a secret messenger that allows you to talk to a computer in a secure way. When you connect to a computer using SSH, the computer will give you a secret password to prove that you are who you say you are. Then, you can send secret messages to the computer that nobody else can understand, and the computer can send secret messages back to you.

This is useful when you want to access a remote computer, such as a server or a virtual machine, and you don't want anyone else to be able to see what you're doing. You can use SSH to run commands, transfer files, or even control the entire computer, all while keeping your communication private and secure.

### What is Telnet?
Telnet is a protocol used to establish a network connection between two computers and communicate with each other using a terminal emulation software. It allows a user to connect to a remote computer or server over a network and interact with it as if they were physically sitting in front of the remote machine.

With telnet, a user can log in to a remote system and run programs, access files, and use resources just as if they were sitting at the remote computer's console. Telnet sessions can be used to configure network devices, troubleshoot remote servers, or manage cloud-based virtual machines.

However, because Telnet is an unencrypted protocol, it can be vulnerable to security threats such as eavesdropping and man-in-the-middle attacks, where a third party can intercept and view the communication between the two connected computers. For this reason, it is generally recommended to use more secure protocols such as SSH instead of Telnet.

