# Loading - 100pts
### 01-I-01T0W
*Author: Nate Singer (Helix)*

Cloud computing is a way to use the internet to access and store data and software remotely. Instead of keeping files and programs on your own computer, you can access them through the internet on remote servers. This means you can access your files and programs from any device with an internet connection. It's like renting a space in a big computer building instead of having your own computer. It can also allow for cloud-based software that multiple users can access and collaborate on simultaneously. Cloud computing makes it easy to access and store data and software remotely.

## Teaching Points
1. How does docker know what to do when the container starts?
2. How do you extract files from a docker container?
3. How can you run a docker container with a different entrypoint?

## Challenge Prompt
What's in this ISO thing?

https://hub.docker.com/r/nathanielsinger/hackabit0x01-infrastructure-container1

## Solution Guide
1. Pull the container defined in the challenge prompt with `docker pull`
2. Either run the container with a new entrypoint or better: extract the contents
3. Inspect the ISO to find the flag

## Reference Material
### How does docker know what to do when the container starts?
Docker uses an image as a blueprint to create a container. The image contains a set of instructions on how to build the container and what to do when the container starts.

These instructions are defined in a special file called a Dockerfile, which is used to build the image. The Dockerfile contains a series of commands that define the container's environment, such as which operating system to use, which software packages to install, which files to copy into the container, and which commands to run when the container starts.

When a container is started, Docker executes the command specified in the Dockerfile using the container's runtime environment. For example, if the Dockerfile specifies a command to start a web server, Docker will start that server when the container starts.

In addition to the Dockerfile, Docker also supports a mechanism called "entrypoint" and "cmd" that allows the image builder to specify a default command and arguments to be executed when a container starts. The entrypoint specifies the command to run, and the cmd provides default arguments to the entrypoint. These can be overridden by providing a command and arguments when starting the container.

In summary, Docker knows what to do when a container starts by using the instructions defined in the image's Dockerfile, and possibly by the specified entrypoint and cmd.

### How do you extract files from a docker container?
You can extract files from a Docker container by using the docker cp command.

Here's the basic syntax for using docker cp:
```
docker cp <container_name>:<path_to_file> <local_destination_path>
```

This command copies the file from the specified container to the local file system.

For example, let's say you have a container named my_container that contains a file at /app/data/file.txt, and you want to extract this file to your local machine at /home/user/extracted_data/. You can use the following command:

```
docker cp my_container:/app/data/file.txt /home/user/extracted_data/
```

This command will copy the file.txt from the my_container to the /home/user/extracted_data/ directory on your local machine.

You can also use the docker cp command to extract entire directories from a container. For example, to extract the entire /app/data/ directory from the my_container, you can use the following command:

```
docker cp my_container:/app/data /home/user/extracted_data/
```

This command will copy the entire /app/data/ directory from the my_container to the /home/user/extracted_data/ directory on your local machine.

Note that you need to have the necessary permissions to access the container's files. In some cases, you may need to run the docker cp command with sudo or as a privileged user.

### How can you run a docker container with a different entrypoint?
When you start a Docker container, it runs the command specified in the Dockerfile as the default ENTRYPOINT. However, you can override the default entrypoint and specify your own command to be run when the container starts using the --entrypoint flag with the docker run command.

Here's the basic syntax for running a container with a different entrypoint:

```
docker run --entrypoint <new_entrypoint> <image_name>
```

For example, let's say you have an image named my_image with a default ENTRYPOINT of echo, which simply prints out a message to the console. If you want to run a different command when you start a container from this image, you can use the --entrypoint flag to override the default entrypoint.

For instance, to run a bash shell instead of the default echo command, you can use the following command:

```
docker run --entrypoint bash my_image
```

This will start a container from the my_image image with the bash shell as the entrypoint. You can then interact with the container's shell, running any commands you want.

Note that you can also use the CMD instruction in the Dockerfile to set default arguments for the entrypoint, which can be overridden by passing command-line arguments when starting the container. If you want to run a completely different command as the entrypoint, you'll need to specify the --entrypoint flag as shown above.
