# Location - 100pts
### 01-I-FR8S7
*Author: Nate Singer (Helix)*

Cloud computing is a way to use the internet to access and store data and software remotely. Instead of keeping files and programs on your own computer, you can access them through the internet on remote servers. This means you can access your files and programs from any device with an internet connection. It's like renting a space in a big computer building instead of having your own computer. It can also allow for cloud-based software that multiple users can access and collaborate on simultaneously. Cloud computing makes it easy to access and store data and software remotely.

## Teaching Points
1. What is a Dockerfile?
2. How to extract a Docker image?
3. How to change the entrypoint of a Docker image?

## Challenge Prompt
**NON-STANDARD FLAG FORMAT**

Now with the same image, dive on in and find the iso image. What is the absolute path to the iso image stored within the container? Include the filename in the path for your submission.

https://hub.docker.com/r/nathanielsinger/hackabit0x01-infrastructure-container1

## Solution Guide
1. Pull the image from the challenge description
2. Either run the image with a new entrypoint or extract the contents into an external directory
3. Determine the path that the iso is at, once you find it using search tools

## Reference Material
### What is a Dockerfile?
A Dockerfile is a text file that contains instructions for building a Docker image. It is essentially a script that specifies the steps required to create a custom Docker image that can be used to run a specific application or service.

A Dockerfile consists of a series of commands that are executed in order to build the Docker image. The commands can be used to install software packages, copy files, set environment variables, configure the network, and perform other tasks required to prepare the image.

The syntax of a Dockerfile is simple and easy to learn, and it allows developers to automate the process of building and deploying software applications. Once a Dockerfile has been created, it can be used to create a Docker image by running the docker build command, which will execute the instructions in the Dockerfile and create a new image.

Using Dockerfiles to build images provides a number of benefits, including reproducibility, portability, and scalability. Dockerfiles make it easy to create and maintain custom images for specific applications and environments, and they can be used to quickly spin up new containers on-demand, making it easy to scale and deploy applications in a wide range of environments.

### How to extract a Docker image?
To extract a Docker image, you can use the docker save command to save the image to a tar archive file, and then use the tar command to extract the contents of the archive file.

Here are the steps to extract a Docker image:

Open a terminal window and run the following command to save the Docker image to a tar archive file:
```
docker save -o image.tar image-name:tag
```

Replace image-name with the name of the Docker image you want to extract, and tag with the specific version or tag of the image you want to extract. This will save the Docker image to a file named image.tar in your current directory.

Run the following command to extract the contents of the tar archive file:
```
tar -xvf image.tar
```

This will extract the contents of the tar archive file to a directory named after the Docker image. The extracted files will include the layers of the Docker image, along with any metadata and configuration files.

After the extraction is complete, you can use the extracted files to build a new Docker image or deploy the contents of the image on a different system.

### How to change the entrypoint of a Docker image?
To change the entrypoint of a Docker image, you can use the docker run command with the --entrypoint option to specify a new entrypoint command.

Here are the steps to change the entrypoint of a Docker image:

1. Open a terminal window and run the following command to start a container from the Docker image:
```
docker run -it image-name
```

Replace image-name with the name of the Docker image you want to run.

2. Use the exit command to exit the container.
3. Run the following command to start a new container from the same Docker image, but with a new entrypoint:

```
docker run -it --entrypoint new-entrypoint-command image-name
```

Replace new-entrypoint-command with the command you want to use as the new entrypoint, such as /bin/bash or /usr/local/bin/my-script.

This will start a new container from the same Docker image, but with the new entrypoint command that you specified. The new entrypoint command will be executed instead of the default entrypoint command specified in the Dockerfile.

Alternatively, you can also change the entrypoint in the Dockerfile itself by using the ENTRYPOINT instruction to set a new default entrypoint command. Once you have modified the Dockerfile, you can build a new Docker image using the docker build command, and then use the docker run command to start a container from the new image with the new entrypoint.
